bluetooth: bt_le_adv_prov: Introduce documentation (#8443)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/bt_le_adv_prov.rst

.. _bt_le_adv_prov_readme:

Bluetooth LE advertising providers
##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem manages advertising and scan response data.

Reviewer: Maybe `The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem manages advertising data and scan response data.`? I don't know if it's correct when it comes to grammar, but at least that clearly emphasizes that this module manages advertising data and not advertising.

Author: Also updated in other places

The subsystem does not control Bluetooth LE advertising by itself.

> Usage

Author: This section was meant to describe how to use the subsystem (not the implementation details). Can we keep it named usage?

> Usage

Reviewer 2: Why not just use "Overview"?

> Usage

Author: Ok changed

*****

The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem acts as a middleware between a module that controls Bluetooth advertising and data providers.
The module that controls Bluetooth advertising can use API of Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem to get advertising data and scan response data.
On the API call, the Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem gets data from providers and passes the data to the module that controls Bluetooth advertising.

> Advertising control

Author: Ok, I can reorder.

===================

The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem does not control Bluetooth LE advertising by itself.
A separate module that controls Bluetooth advertising is mandatory.
An example of such module is :ref:`caf_ble_adv` available in the |NCS|.
An application can use this CAF module or implement an application-specific module that controls Blutooth advertising and uses Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem to manage advertising and scan response data.

Custom module
-------------

An application-specific module can use the following functions to get providers' advertising data:

* :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_ad_prov_cnt` to get number of advertising data providers.

> * :c:func:`nrf_bt_adv_get_ad` to fill the advertising packet with providers' data.

Reviewer: Change the function name :)

Similar functions are defined for scan response data (:c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_sd_prov_cnt` and :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_sd`).

The module must provide :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state` to inform providers about Bluetooth advertising state.
The module must also take into account providers' feedback received in :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_feedback`.

> See mentioned structures' documentation for detailed description of individual members.

Author: :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_feedback` and :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state`

   In that case, provider does not fill the Bluetooth data structure.
   This error code is not forwarded to the module that controls Bluetooth LE advertising.
   Other negative values denote provider-specific errors which are forwarded directly to the module that controls Bluetooth LE advertising.

The provided Bluetooth data can depend on:

* Bluetooth advertising state passed as function argument (:c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state`).
* Calls of provider's dedicated API (if provider exposes such API).

For example, a provider may fill the Bluetooth data if not bonded and return ``-ENOENT`` to desist from providing data if bonded.
Refer to implementations available in :file:`subsys/bluetooth/bt_le_adv_prov/providers/` for provider implementation examples.

Configuration
*************

Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV` to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem.

Predefined providers
====================

The |NCS| provides a set of predefined providers.
Every provider is enabled using a dedicated Kconfig option.
These options share common prefix of ``CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_``.

> Among others, the following providers are available:

Author: I wanted to provide a few examples of providers, so that I used `among others` (the list does not contain all of the providers).

> Among others, the following providers are available:

Reviewer 2: I would stick to the original phrasing.

.. _bt_le_adv_prov_readme:

Bluetooth LE advertising providers
##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem manages advertising data and scan response data.
The subsystem does not control Bluetooth LE advertising by itself.

Usage
*****

The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem acts as a middleware between data providers and a module that controls Bluetooth advertising.

> The module that controls Bluetooth advertising can use API of Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem to get advertising data and scan response data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The module that controls the Bluetooth advertising can use the subsystem's API to get advertising data and scan response data.
```

A separate module that controls Bluetooth advertising is mandatory.
For example, :ref:`caf_ble_adv`, that is available in the |NCS|.
An application can use this CAF module or implement an application-specific module that controls Bluetooth advertising.
The application then uses the Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem to manage advertising data and scan response data.

Custom module
-------------

An application-specific module can use the following functions to get providers' advertising data:

* :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_ad_prov_cnt` to get number of advertising data providers.
* :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_ad` to fill the advertising packet with providers' data.

Similar functions are defined for scan response data (:c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_sd_prov_cnt` and :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_get_sd`).

The module must provide :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state` to inform providers about Bluetooth advertising state.
The module must also take into account providers' feedback received in :c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_feedback`.
See mentioned structures' documentation for detailed description of individual members.

Providers
=========

> The Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem gets both advertising data and scan response data from providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The subsystem gets both advertising data and scan response data from providers.
```

A provider manages a single element that is part of either advertising data or scan response data.

The |NCS| provides a set of predefined data providers.
An application can also define application-specific data providers.

Application-specific providers
------------------------------

An application-specific provider must implement :c:func:`bt_le_adv_prov_data_get` callback and register it using one of the following macros:

> * :c:macro:`BT_LE_ADV_PROV_AD_PROVIDER_REGISTER`
>   The macro registers provider that appends data to advertising packets.
> * :c:macro:`BT_LE_ADV_PROV_SD_PROVIDER_REGISTER`
>   The macro registers provider that appends data to scan response packets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :c:macro:`BT_LE_ADV_PROV_AD_PROVIDER_REGISTER` - The macro registers provider that appends data to advertising packets.
* :c:macro:`BT_LE_ADV_PROV_SD_PROVIDER_REGISTER` - The macro registers provider that appends data to scan response packets.
```

  In that case, the provider does not fill in the Bluetooth data structure.
  This error code is not forwarded to the module that controls Bluetooth LE advertising.
  Other negative values denote provider-specific errors, which are forwarded directly to the module that controls Bluetooth LE advertising.

The provided Bluetooth data can depend on any of the following options:

* Bluetooth advertising state passed as function argument (:c:struct:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state`).
* Calls of the provider's dedicated API, if the provider exposes such an API.

For example, a provider may fill in the Bluetooth data if it is not bonded.
The provider returns ``-ENOENT`` to desist from providing data if bonded.
Examples of provider implementations can be found in the :file:`subsys/bluetooth/bt_le_adv_prov/providers/` file.

Configuration
*************

Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV` to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising providers subsystem.

Predefined providers
====================

The |NCS| provides a set of predefined providers.
Each provider is enabled using a dedicated Kconfig option.

> These options share common prefix of ``CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These options share a common Kconfig option prefix of ``CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_``.
```

Among others, the following providers are available:

* Advertising Flags (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_FLAGS`),
* GAP Appearance (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_GAP_APPEARANCE`),
* Microsoft Swift Pair (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_SWIFT_PAIR`),
* TX Power (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER`).

> For details about given advertising provider, see Kconfig help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details about each advertising provider, see the Kconfig option description.
```
That's the help you mean, right?

Author: In Kconfig it's defined as `help`, but term description should not cause confusion here I think
